but we back baby with that with this
jojo's bizarre adventure anime series
episode 2 oh yes baby and this episode
we find it to the opening of the Jojo
bizarre nature any series what let me
tell you so much they're all pretty
straight nanny I like I like to see ya I
like how to cooperate the manga inside
the old brunette with the CBI we got
Jonathan with the Whipple people once
Jonathan learns of ripple I'm losing my
fucking shit in the atmosphere the
ripple is like what Jonathan lunch with
pitbull should get wheel ok got healed
with the vampire methanol sense an evil
guy ran the dog the opening is manly the
guy saying Jojo like that should garlic
I don't know which is better man the
ending or the opening I like both wants
to run about the ending what's that
basic oh my god what that pays hits
running about an ending song or jojo's
bizarre adventure racers ah that's just
wrong I'll get high finish it I can wait
for the next episode do my little gig
dance like come on this big it's crazy
but in episode in this episode up to two
of jojo's bizarre the tiramisu we got
Jonathan and do in college videos pets
in law jonathan is practicing research
archaeologists you know you know go find
our effects stuff like that and they
playing football there Wayne usually
deal puts on them fake it's you'll feel
such a bastard bro he is such a fucking
evil villain bro you somebody get my
Oscar some like you do off because I go
oh good job nice on without you can win
the game and go calf is this stuff man I
Jonathan like yeah like yellow you like
you think about friendship is great Bob
between you bro I think what you did
seven years ago like like what is going
on thing up bill Duggan's father adopted
deal so he's probably also family and
deals caught corn doggery John's father
father and John like when the fuck did
he start calling my father father like
this this guy just did a 360 turns to a
whole different person at the seven
years there was two nights like no no I
don't feel this friendship between me
okay and deal about it embedded knives
like a thing I'll be friends with Chopin
and Joestar Frank can't be all nice and
all
or happy no all I wanted to destroy the
Joestar family get that fortune I'm one
step closer saying Jonathan's uh
Jonathan a father's sick that's when his
episode see Jonathan he's we should he's
researching the master vampire mask and
he thinks the death trap it puts on in
storage of blank from your brain kills
you think he thinks a death trap but
it's more than that okay same see
Jonathan not some books over he found
heals you know father's letter to do
stuff like that MC job in like oh wow I
see deals plan now I see the real deal
Brando and do is going to eat because
deal got this poison to make Jonathan
started sticking stuff and he's going up
with the water doesn't like a holdup
rough I know it's a planning and you're
not going to destroy the george i will
perfect family I mad ultimate that was
scared do the most is job does will and
determination okay he don't stop he will
take protect his family adults are named
and his friends okay determination will
is so amazing so great do hate that is
scared of that and deal delta phi i have
that drug no no you're not going to kill
my father and your story of this
family's name okay DHR glad with a
stomping Bo trying to do that fucking
thumb shit to no photos I and jog about
your waiter member a seven-game is rough
seven years you think that's gonna work
on me maybe Pam got here son fucked up
do Leo Falls and he's all fucked up
mistake and he told me like don't you go
near my father so I get back a fine
what's in this shit so i can get enter
the kill my father stay with my father
bitch you know every Stevie Johnson goes
to the old street so sweet one of danger
street when want one of the dangers
plated to go okay because he goes
through the smog that's where deal went
through that's where dielman he went to
the roughest part of the slums to get
this poison and dropping have to follow
the deal split up and go to the oak tree
that's means meet Speedwagon Speedwagon
which he painted a big part in this area
to play the big part in the Joestar
family with a mother you put a big part
hey you know with the hat
going out with Jonathan Jonathan like no
bitch I can't die here I can't no I
gotta get this message and go back to my
father and ski wagging like what's up
this God real determination like such a
document ain't no kids be by Jonathan
and flying be like them like you know
what man he's like at that moment like
yo this guy Delta man he's such a
beastie great person and that's that has
a start right there that's when
Speedwagon we lie about your Jonathan
Joestar like there's got such a great
person and a swing to start a friendship
between the jolts our family and
Jonathan Speedwagon right there at that
moment he knowed job has gone up with
the thugs and within us the thugs and
going out he's doing beating shit you
know and at this time do you say see the
fun thing is do say hate his father but
he's becoming like his father like I a
ball of junk and stuff like that he's
walking around you know and he act up
but before that deal was like he went
through Jonathan's research about the
van but the vampire mask and throw the
deathtrap play do realize and witness
the true potential and the true nature
of the vampire man's because in his girl
is going on with these drugs and if he
used a vampire math because he does a
death trap math and stuff like that but
the garbage trippin he became a vampire
and he was fucking up deal thing trying
he's sucking deal with blood and shit
then the Sun came out and deal was saved
and Eli yo he realized what this mass
can do in my power it gives he will warm
up there baby we all my their deal by
the terms of that vampire goth about to
learn that real for friday though click
click boom he blessed episode we got do
learn about the math and she mention of
the mass we got a jonathan mean
Speedwagon going through old Street find
the antidote to save his father stuff
like that you know final true nature of
deal why he's doing this
and this is what your plan is stuff like
that and we just see Jonathan become a
stronger person and deal it's just the
determination will that job has deal it
cannot match that it scares them the
most okay I see that's my job that fuck
is that sup man like nah but look at my
family face man guarding you but don't
absorb enchanting series episode 2 good
get the opening we got do you got or
full street these Speedwagon Jonathan
going ham he'll learn to tune into the
vampire math it's like man stop going
down to the bazaar bridge bye see you
later i'm out me be long enough okay so
you got later man what you got us an
opening in episode right now